Computer Vision Exam 2018 (not: 7, 8)

1. b (degree or radial)
2. Intrinsic camera matrix is [[fx, 0, 0, 1], [0, fy, 0, 1], [0, 0, fz, 1]]. This stays contant. Extrinsic camera matrix has rotation and transformation data. Both of these change MEMORISE MATRICES
3. Optical flow tracks how pixels move over time. The foreground object can be extracted using the starting frame, background frame and threshold. After extracting this, we can reconstruct a series of RGB frames of the foreground objects. However, we will lose accuracy of the model if the object turns around in any way. I'm assuming we're doing this with more than one view of the object.
4. We can use the dilate operation to fill in all holes, and then the erosion operation to remove all superfluous voxels.
5. Applying K-means clustering on the training set results in 100 clusters with unique centrepoints. You can then use these new found clusters for classification. When apply KMeans's cluster for classification on the image, all the pixels are classified as belonging to one of those 100 clusters, and then each class is counted. This way, we can consider each cluster to be a bin in the colour histogram. The feature vector that is outputted from this process is a 100-size array, which can then be compared to the feature vectors of other images for comparison.
6. C
7. SKIP
8. SKIP
9. 
10. If all the windows are classified as 'object present', the accuracy would be 100%. You need a metric that accounts for false positives, like 
11. 28x28x6
12. a
13. b, e
14. 
    1) Stacking frames, so you stack n-frames of the video at a time.
    2) Input would be n by width by height by 3 (colour), though this order is not set in stone. Where N is the number of stacked frames. You could also do n times height by width by colour, but that's less nice :)
    3) Output dimension depends on what we're trying to classify. If it's on a per-frame basis, it would be nx3, where the last dimension is the number of classes (nothing, car left to right, car right to left. Only nothing cannot be in combination with the other two). If you want to know it for the entire video, it would just be 3. 

### Grading
1. C -> pixels, unit of focal length                        0/4
2. Correct                                                  10/10
3. Correct ish                                              12/12
4. Diff answer, probably wrong (what were the ops again?)   0/6
5. Correct, but too long                                    8/8
6. Wrong, it's NOT                                          0/4
7. //
8. //
9. Wrong, interesting                                       0/13
10. Wrong, I describe precision                             0/10
11. Wrong, how do I calculate CNN output                    0/6 
12. V                                                       4/4
13. Partly, e is nonsense                                   2/4?
14. Correct                                                 11/11
Score:                                                      47/73 = 0.64
